Write documentation for neighbor based chunk spawning (#51818)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/MAPGEN.md

- "transform": (required, string) the id of the `ter_furn_transform` to run.

### Spawn nested chunks based on overmap neighbors with "place_nested"

> Place nested allows for limited conditional spawning of chunks based on the `"id"` of its overmap neighbors.  This is useful for creating smoother transitions between biome types, or to dynamically create walls at the edges of a mutable structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place_nested allows for limited conditional spawning of chunks based on the `"id"` of their overmap neighbors.  This is useful for creating smoother transitions between biome types or to dynamically create walls at the edges of a mutable structure.
```

| Field              | Description
| ---                | ---
| chunks/else_chunks | (required, string) the nested_mapgen_id of the chunk that will be conditionally placed. Chunks are placed if the specified neighbor matches, and "else_chunks" otherwise.  
| x and y            | (required, int) the cardinal position in which the chunk will be placed. 
| neighbors          | (optional, string ) Any of the neighboring overmaps that should be evaluated before placing the chunk. Despite the plural field name, only a single neighbor direction can be evaluated per chunk.  The direction itself can check for any amount of overmap `"id"` substrings.
|

> Any of the 26 adjacent overmaps can be evaluated in this manner.  The direct cardinal neighbors ( `"north", "east", "south", "west"` ) the inter cardinal neighbors ( `"north_east", "north_west", "south_east", "south_west"` ), the direct vertical neighbors ( `"above", "below"` ) and combinations of the vertical and cardinal neighbors ( `"above_north", "above_north_east"`... etc).

Reviewer: Can all 26 actually be used for this? @jbytheway?

Author: Updated, they cant.

> Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:
```

```json
      "place_nested": [
        { "chunks": [ "concrete_wall_ew" ], "x": 0, "y": 0, "neighbors": { "north": [ "empty_rock", "field" ] } },
        { "else_chunks": [ "concrete_wall_ns" ], "x": 0, "y": 0, "neighbors": { "below_north_west": [ "field", "microlab" ] } }
      ],
```

> The code excrept above will place the nested chunk "concrete_wall_ew" if the north neighbor is either a field or solid rock, while  `"concrete_wall_ns"` will only be placed if the below_north_west neighbor is neither a field nor a any of the microlab overmaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code excerpt above will place the nested chunk "concrete_wall_ew" if the north neighbor is either a field or solid rock, otherwise potentially placing  `"concrete_wall_ns"`; the latter will be placed only if the below_north_west neighbor is neither a field nor any of the microlab overmaps).
```
